							Algorithm 1
Program Start
Creata and initialize local varibales named min and max.
Store the first value of total marks array in min and max variables.
Run a outer for loop from 10 times
	Run a inner for loop until the size of total marks array
		check if the values at the index of total mark array is greater than max
			assign that value to the max varibales
			store that value in the highest marks array
	close the inner loop		
close the outer loop		
Run a outer for loop from 10 times
	Run a inner for loop until the size of total marks array
		check if the values at the index of total mark array is less than min
			assign that value to the min varibales
			store that value in the lowest marks array
	close the inner loop		
close the outer loop

Program End

							Algorithm 2
Program Start
Start Loop and Show 5 options to the user.
	Take choice from users to open the desired menu.
	if User enters 1
		Run the Case.
			Run the Whil loop and read the file line by line from user.
			Ignore first 2 lines of the file.
			Split the line by comman and Store the values of line in a strinh array.
			Store values in the arrays list.
			break the case.
	if user enter 2
		Run the for loop until the size of any arraylise that holds student data
			Add the student grades in a newly array list.
		Run a for loop and display the data of array lists
		break the case
	if user enters 3
		take a thresholo value from user
		check if the value of total marks array is less than the threshold value
			display the records on screen. 
		break the case
	if user enters 4 
		Run a for loop until the size on initial variable reaches at 10
			Run a inner for loop to compares and find the max values of the total marks array
				check if the value at the index of total mark is greater than the first value
					store the max value in a new array
			close the for loop		
		close the for loop
		break the case.
	if user enters 5
		close the program
	Run the loop again if user enters other than 1-5.
Program End